row                            integer,
subscriber_id                  integer,
subscriber_type_id             integer,
subscriber_type_date           text,
main                           integer,
ceid                           integer,
take_over_date                 text,
l_legal_base                   numeric,
l_action_date                  text,
l_date_id                      integer,
gender                         text,
company                        text,
individual                     numeric,
trader                         text,
birth_year                     numeric,
death_year                     text,
first_take_over                text,
first_douz                     text,
first_accusation_date          text,
sum_accusation_base            numeric,
first_execution_date           text,
sum_execution_base             text,
date_id                        numeric,
p_contig                       text,
p_dp                           numeric,
w_contig                       text,
w_dp                           numeric,
l_contig                       numeric,
l_dp                           numeric,
b_contig                       numeric,
b_dp                           numeric,
bank                           numeric,
leasing                        text,
insurance                      numeric,
sale_instalment                numeric,
tel                            numeric,
b2b                            text,
others                         numeric,
ai_job_status                  text,
ai_communication               text,
ai_other_debts                 text,
ai_family_status               text,
ai_accommodation               text,
ai_accommodation_type          text,
ai_accommodation_status        text,
ai_debt_acceptance             text,
ai_lifestyle_level             text,
fv                             text,
last_fv_import                 text,
last_fv_export                 text,
last_fv_not_found              text,
dsi                            numeric,
exist_tel                      numeric,
exist_email                    numeric,
exist_address                  numeric,
exist_portal                   numeric,
district                       text,
region                         text,
sum_p_contig                   text,
sum_p_dp                       numeric,
sum_w_contig                   text,
sum_w_dp                       numeric,
sum_l_contig                   numeric,
sum_l_dp                       numeric,
sum_b_contig                   numeric,
sum_b_dp                       numeric,
sum_other_contig               numeric,
sum_other_dp                   numeric,
num_pa                         numeric,
num_pa_paid                    numeric,
pa_pending                     text,
exist_douz                     numeric,
last_douz                      text,
payments_p                     text,
payments_w                     numeric,
payments_l                     numeric,
payments_b                     numeric,
other_payments                 numeric,
last_attempt_call              text,
last_act_call_out              text,
last_act_call_in               text,
last_sms_out                   text,
last_sms_in                    text,
last_email_debtor_out          text,
last_email_debtor_in           text,
last_letter_debtor_out         text,
last_letter_debtor_in          text,
last_portal_debtor             text,
num_attempt_from_last_akt_call numeric,
cases_2y                       numeric,
amount_2y                      numeric,
last_payment_date              text,
last_payment_amount_month      numeric,
last_payment_amount_2y         numeric